Proposal
================

The group members (names and UNIs) Yvonne Chen (sc5078), Ruyi Chen
(rc3520), Tianyi Wang (tw2918), Tingyi Li (tl3195)

The tentative project title Factors influence happiness scores around
the world from 2015 to 2019.

The motivation for this project Happiness is a critical measure of
social progress. Understanding what drives happiness can help in
formulating policies that improve the quality of life for citizens.By
studying the factors that affect happiness, researchers can contribute
to a multidisciplinary understanding of well-being, which in turn can
inform a variety of practical applications aimed at improving people’s
lives at both the individual and collective levels.

The anticipated data sources
<https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/unsdsn/world-happiness>

The intended final products A website containing detailed reports with
interactive and reactive plots showing factors impacting happiness score
at region and country level.

The planned analyses / visualizations / coding challenges Descriptive
analysis of each factor and the happiness score Trends of mean happiness
scores in different regions from 2015 to 2019 (bar chart) Linear
regression analysis of factors influencing happiness score (scatter
plot + fitted line) ANOVA test: compare happiness scores in different
regions (ANOVA table) Heatmap showing the level of happiness of
countries around the world Coding challenges merging 5 datasets each
year and cleaning the final dataset Producing interactive and reactive
graphs and map

The planned timeline 11.6: Determine dataset and topic. 11.11: Finish
research proposal. 11.13: Group meeting → determine research questions,
objectives, and methods to approach. Assign tasks for each group member
and set deadlines before the next meeting. 11.20: Group meeting → Meet
and discuss each member’s work, solve problems, and finish coding
section. Discuss the website design and assign tasks to each group
member. 11.27: Group meeting → Discuss and solve questions during
website design and assign video recording tasks to each member. 12.4:
Group meeting → Discuss the website and video, assign report written
tasks to each member. 12.7: Group meeting: Discuss and finalize the
whole project.
